bad credit no credit no problem the
credit firms have just decided to wipe
off many negative elements of an
individual's credit report this was done
specifically to boost their
creditworthiness to boost the economy so
in the end Whenever there is a problem
just cover it up you came here for the
truth today we are going to talk about a
joke that I have read that I'm bringing
to you don't worry about your credit
because ultimately the government
apparently is going to fix it look at it
scor card share of us adults with FICO
credit scores deemed to be the riskiest
has declined so they're suggesting that
less and less people have what's called
risky credit bad credit okay that's what
they're suggesting I would have to say
quite the opposite I think things have
been worse over the years you're seeing
people take on more debt more now than
ever you can see that in Canada you
could see it in the UK there's
absolutely no doubt look in the UK right
now where you have mortgage rates that
are under a percent free money for
everyone that's what the system is built
on built on a fraud
completely standing on air then you look
at this
homegrown number of foreclosure starts
by year now maybe this is true maybe
these stats are actually showing the
fact that yes there's less foreclosures
than there were during the financial
crisis and everything that happened with
the housing boom and bust maybe it's
true but what has really happened and
that is very clear to me and I know to
you as well that people have taken on
more debt than they can handle they're
taking on those homes look at a place
where they suggest
first let's talk about the US okay you
had the housing boom then came the bust
people walked away from their homes they
began to become renters again so those
people in the subprime housing they
turned to renting that quickly switched
around in many areas where you see a lot
of people buying up yet again in some
level of a subprime home maybe it's not
to the extreme that we saw before but
you know we're splitting hairs then you
look at a place like Canada where
they've taken on more and more risk and
ultimately as the years have go gone on
you have seen lenders suggesting that
look the prices keep going up it doesn't
matter if the people can't really pay if
interest rates go up we don't have to
worry about that because prices of the
homes keep going up interest rates keep
going down it's a win-win for everyone
and that is the general consensus you
can see that in the media and you see
that in the general population there is
almost nobody you know everybody that I
talk to I I bring this issue up with
basically every person that I have the
chance to speak with and I would say to
some degree you're looking at about 99%
of the people believe that number one
the housing prices can go up or will
continue to go up and the fact that the
government will not allow it to go down
that to me is very frightening because
as you you do this you create
distortions there's no young people
today the
Millennials and and the Young Generation
anyway if they're still in school let's
say there's no way unless they're being
granted a nice big chunk of money from
their family or or someone else they're
not going to be able to afford a
home so what we're going to experience
here in the next let's say 10 years
should these prices increase even if
they slow down to some
degree is a an entire group of people
for the first time
ever unable to afford their homes it's
not just you know let's say uh poor
people who can't afford homes we're
talking about the middle class all of a
sudden the middle class is just wiped
out from being able to buy that's a big
problem okay so what's happening here
what's happening well this is the start
of it and I'll show you another article
after this credit scores hit record high
as recession wounds heal I don't know if
you knew this but you know let's look at
the Wall Street Journal the recession's
over everything's booming and everything
is just great I didn't know that I I
thought it was actually quite the
opposite that things are actually worse
this is the financial crisis part two no
no they said it and they are obviously
right credit scores for us consumers
reach a record high this spring while
the share of Americans deemed to be some
of the riskiest borrowers hit a record
low a potential Boon for Lending and
economic activity they're saying it
that's not me
though now what happened I mean what
changed has the economy been doing well
I mean I must have missed a piece or two
of
information well let's just see the
truth that's what you're here for right
credit reports to exclude certain
negative
data
and this is the lowdown this is how it
works first I'll get into it then we'll
then we'll mention a few points here
many tax leans and civil judgments soon
will be taken off of people's credit
reports the latest move to Omit negative
information from the powerful Financial
scorecards so the decision was by the
three major credit reporting
firms could help boost the credit scores
for millions of consumers but the point
that I'd like to make here is this could
pose a risk for lenders well obviously
you know the report here goes on if
you're interested of course you can
always take a look at it the links are
in the description
let's think about that for a second
think about what these
credit reports credit rating agencies
know different than what happens with
rating of financial assets it's the same
thing think about it for a
moment as we
see when you take subprime mortgages you
take all the cdos
cdss ABS is I mean anything all all
these silly acronyms that they create
look at the
cdos collateralized Deb obligations what
does that mean I talk about it in my
first
book in detail basically what we're
talking about is all of the worst of the
worst debt the garbage the crap if you
will take it all stick it all together
into one instrument instrument of
debt and they sell it off to people now
that to me would be considered to be the
riskiest of the risk okay because it's
all the worst of the worst but to the
financial rating agencies they suggest
that this is Diversified because it's
mortgages credit
cards car loans all together and then
it's from all over the place so it's
geographically Diversified to some
degree so to them it's a divers ver
ified financial asset
therefore we'll rate it a AAA that's
when you know that these are criminal
agencies working against the
people and what I would say to this is
that to some individuals they might say
to themselves look I'm happy my credit
rating is increased now and surely
wouldn't you be happy that your credit
rating is increased I'm sure everyone
you know for no good reason in this
case that their credit rating was
improved if you want to buy something
you want to have the good credit there's
no doubt but what I would suggest to
everyone is that if they're removing
things like tax
leans it's not necessarily a good thing
because they're in there for a
reason and this is just one small
example okay just don't take it for just
this all I'm suggesting is that if you
give people the incentive to buy they
will take that
incentive if you start to give people
tax
rebates if you start allowing it easier
to buy a home rather than rent I mean if
the prices are skyrocketing rents people
look at the prices of homes to buy and
they realize look I can get a 1%
mortgage why am I going to rent the
prices of the homes keep going up
interest rates keep declining I'm better
off just getting in to the homes now and
continue the boom who cares I don't care
about you know the risks to me there's
no risk that's the way people are seeing
it I think this is dangerous and I think
people are going to run into a very big
problem and we're already technically
there it just hasn't shown its true face
for most people I'm willing to see it I
know many people on this channel who are
truly intelligent people who are willing
to just say look stuff is effed up right
now and I don't want any part of it I'm
going to back away I'm going to take
things that are safe right now I'm going
to take it easy I'm going to just pay
attention regain uh a little footing
here I want to gain some knowledge at
this time you know you know what I'm
getting at that and I really appreciate
all the people who are taking the time
to read up on the information you know
if you want to do something you need to
be prepared you need to be assured you
can't just say I'm right I'm right I'm
right that's not the way this works we
need to know that every day the more
that we look into information the more
we realize I need to learn more that's
what I see anyway then look at this
Switching
gears one of the biggest topics I talk
about in almost every single video is
this and that is Robotics and automation
displacing jobs about half of all us
retail jobs could vanish due to
computerization analysis fins this is
something that I've constantly bring up
I mean it's practically the same title
every time and there's a lot of good
points that people make on the other
side of this look I have a washing
machine I have a
dishwasher I have a car instead of uh
horse and
buggy I have you know let's just stop
there you know what I'm getting
at there's always advancements in
technology which then replace other jobs
totally
understandable
but in the past jobs were replaced at a
slow rate look rail was the number one
thing and then all of a
sudden did you have the the Model T Ford
comes out and replaces all that rail no
it happened slowly over years years and
years and years now the way with
technology advancing it's happening so
rapidly jobs are just going to be wiped
out as soon as they get these cars on
the road that don't kill people every
time they try to do this but once these
automatic cars
are on the road start replacing the
truck drivers and taxi drivers and the
bus drivers and everybody else you're
going to have a mass amount of people
that are simply not employed that's what
I worry about it's the speed at which
the technology is coming onto the market
do you see what I'm saying with that let
me know and then right here alphabet Inc
self-driving car unit weo is working on
developing self-driving trucks the
company said this is going into uh what
Tesla's getting into and a whole bunch
of other companies in fact are working
on the self-driving technology you've
seen Uber I don't know if you have seen
it in your city but I have seen it in
Toronto where they are driving around
sort of mapping the roads and now
they're working on all of these uh
automated vehicles I don't know I like
the fact that technolog is advancing but
some of them I don't know I don't know
if they're really prime time yet and
they're really really pushing hard for
this to become mainstream before it's
ready I think it should be kept in the
laboratory a lot longer so that's it for
this video if you found it informative
please give me a thumbs up remember that
you're supporting me with your thumbs up
there's so many good people out there
who support me and I truly appreciate
that very much if you don't have you
know the desire to read my books or get
into anything else you know
um I know so many people out there and
and just a thumbs up something that I
appreciate very much there's a lot of
YouTubers out there
who you know I don't want to I'll never
judge anybody but I can't help but feel
a little bit of disingenuous behavior on
a lot of them I try to be as
straightforward as possible my delivery
isn't perfect my speech isn't perfect I
know that I set out to do a video and I
have let's say 10 different points that
I want to make and I probably get to two
of them and I miss half of the
things I'm just doing what I believe
that I can try to really get the
information out to you I I hope you
appreciate that I have subscribers out
there
who they donate to me through all
different means and I'm so appreciative
of that all the comments all the emails
that I
get uh thank you thank you
all if you found this video informative
I know you'll find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative if you
want to look through the books Amazon
has a look inside feature so you can
actually flip through the books if you
want the Audi book for global economic
collapse you can go over to the money
gps.com on there you will
see um the store link and you can get on
there stay tuned for all of the t-shirts
that I'm going to be making there has
been such a good response from everybody
from the t-shirts I have so many ideas I
can't unfortunately do all of the ideas
they only allow you I think 10 at first
and then they you can expand but anyway
look forward to that I just want the
t-shirts for myself to be honest and I
think it'll be cool if other people out
there can get them too
so look forward to that take care